the rich have got so much money now they
have to do something with it they can't
just sit on it and I think if rates do
come down which I think they will I
think in the next sort of three four
years what ordinary people will see is
the mother of all house price rallies
especially if interest rates come down
but you'll also see it in stock markets
I'm unbelievably long gold um I think
what you'll see is asset price is going
up and I think this is my big conf like
I said I don't want to know your
opinions I want to know your positions
I'm betting on asset prices going up I'm
very long gold I'm building a long
position in stocks of building long
position in Commodities on Long property
like this is what I think will happen um
but it's really interesting to sit and
think what will it mean for our society
and for our political situation if house
prices go up loads I think it's going to
be unbelievably divisive because you
know I know you have a lot of younger
viewers that straight away this terrible
but there's a lot of people in this
country that think house price is going
up is good and I think that this is what
we need to prepare ourselves for